this simply soccer with the cholo
simeone Yolo how the turn occurs
to the athletic one of madrid because it voted
health we are well know it's your
home
It did not take long to convince you of
imagine not I always had the idea of
determine in my soccer career in
europe in the athletic of Madrid and the
milk was in the lazio they called me
I returned to the athletic one of madrid and
they wanted nothing to rearrange the
team a little bit without betting on big
things but if it is rearranging that
return to first division and that good
He wanted to count on me and it was only
That was enough for me to go back and finish
making an interesting championship where
it cost us at the beginning was the pipe
ibagaza was read Frank was the x
we formed nice team met me the
teacher who works with me and as
coach
and the truth
there they started bringing players to
accommodate us in the Spanish championship and
we ended up doing one more championship
that marketing not if an athletic one
madrid that I love you and loves you and that is your
this house I have no doubt is what
which is recent commented
what happens to me that sometimes I feel
with shame for the affection that you
continue to demonstrate continuously with the
over the years the other days I will
see the interior with him with the athletic
of madrid in the final of the supercopa
European
and you saw people is a memory
huge and good makes me very happy and
obviously there we are going to try that
the technician that is there where I say here
is showing the racing shirt that
that you told you when you're going to play the
Real sky when one day I take off I go to
yet still has 82 pits and
Governments looks with great joy at the
truly a great moment
fernando marín bet to bring me this
it's a great match a great memory of
this day is the return to football
Argentinian
a Chilean average becomes dangerous not
like francescoli but good here
a good definition and yes very much the
true first championship a very cute
tournament with rivarola as coach
where we were very close to winning it
a great memory especially for having
fulfilled the longing of the fan playing at
football and also followed
a registered trademark asturias you arrive
to the first to score today
children follow me criticize me because
always needs good timing because
he was not too tall either but
we missed it well but it did pretty
you cultivate the first stick very well
I beat speed I remember me
apart I was lucky to have inside
the teams very good pantic kickers
in the athletic madrid mihajlovic and verón
He lengthened in the inter
already had very good rappers of
ball and that facilitated the speed
timing with which the head will
true that some of us have done later
when you talk to me a little about the part
Technician I'll ask why
now they are thrown to the first stick that
they work and we work but with the
selection we have to talk about that